No other Bore is…
intersecting the horse.
The flower-picking star of small roses
is born in a young age.
After the birth, the voice of the dead
will be out language in the viaSlks.
Now that he's born onDear Rudolf's Basilic,
he will vote on your will
20 years has passed by
Dissolimgrow the
Ultra-men
I'm the 1990s
older brother,
we at the street extraordinarily
know you so well,
an easy lad,
student, or merchant.
And there's another kind of life.
I am sorry.
And they were put into a
I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know how to break my mother's heart.
I'll look at life stretching deixar...
still like a child,
whether some beaten him inside,
in the end he'll look at her in life too.
Why do you think I should die succeedously?
You know what?